Draft - [v0.37.0] Document Redwood Directives (#801)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/cliCommands.md

See the [Deploy](/docs/deploy) docs.

### generate directive

Generate a directive.

```terminal
yarn redwood generate directive <name>
```

| Arguments & Options  | Description                                                                          |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `name`               | Name of the directive                                                                |
| `--force, -f`        | Overwrite existing files                                                             |

> | `--typescript, --ts` | Generate TypeScript files Enabled by default if we detect your project is TypeScript |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--typescript, --ts` | Generate TypeScript files (defaults to your projects language target) |
```

> | `--type       `      | Choices: "validator", "transformer"] to generate the directive type                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--type       `      | Directive type [Choices: "validator", "transformer"]                  |
```

**Usage**

> See[Redwood Directives](https://www.redwoodjs.com/docs/directives).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Redwood Directives](/docs/directives).
```

**Example**

> Generating a myDirective directive using the interative command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating a `myDirective` directive using the interactive command:
```

| `--force, -f`        | Overwrite existing files                                                             |
| `--typescript, --ts` | Generate TypeScript files Enabled by default if we detect your project is TypeScript |

> > **Note:** The generated sdl will include the `@requireAuth` directive by default to ensure queries and mutations are secure. If your app's queries and mutations are all public, you can setup a custom generator sdl template to apply `@skipAuth` or a custom validator directive to suit you application's needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The generated sdl will include the `@requireAuth` directive by default to ensure queries and mutations are secure. If your app's queries and mutations are all public, you can set up a custom SDL generator template to apply `@skipAuth` (or a custom validator directive) to suit you application's needs.
```
